[wip] feat: allow optional activation of app windows on show (#17688)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

Hides all application windows without minimizing them.

> ### `app.show(noActivate)` _macOS_

Reviewer: Can we make this an options object with a `shouldActivate` key.

`app.show(false)` gives your average reader no idea as to what is about to happen or what the `false` means

* `noActivate` String - whether or not app should activate windows after restoring them.

> Shows application windows after they were hidden. If `noActivate` is `true`, the app does not automatically focus

Author: this documentation was previously incorrect; our implementation did automatically focus the restored windows.

Hides all application windows without minimizing them.

### `app.show(options)` _macOS_

* `options` Object

>   * `shouldActivate` String - whether or not app should activate windows after restoring them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `activate` Boolean - activate windows after restoring them. Defaults to true.
```

> Shows application windows after they were hidden. If `noActivate` is `true`, the app does not automatically focus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shows application windows after they were hidden. If `activate` is `false`, the app does not automatically focus
```
